Remastered NPC Holograms (#2243)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: CHANGELOG.md

- all objectives that can be advanced without directly completing now support `left`, `amount` and `total` variables
    - the `left` and `amount` variables of some objectives were swapped and have been corrected: `left` is the amount
      left, `amount` is the amount done
- NPC Holograms are reworked
    - individual refresh rate for each hologram
    - the boolean follow is now set per hologram

>     - the vector offset is not 0 to be above the NPC's head by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - the vector offset origin has been changed. The hologram is now directly above the NPC's head by default. This means all previous values are now increased by 3 blocks on the y axis.
```
